{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Book Generation App\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 python -m http.server 8000\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
http://localhost:8000\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Book. : \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 "Generate a clickbait-style book title and a list of 20 short story titles about [TOPIC]. The book title should be exciting and engaging. Each short story title must start with 'MrBeast' and describe an extraordinary act related to [TOPIC]. Do not use apostrophes or dashes in any titles. Ensure the titles are attention-grabbing and creative."\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Prompt cover :
\f1\b0 \
A high-quality, NFT-style book cover with a bold, eye-catching design. The title 
\f0\b [title]
\f1\b0  should be prominently displayed at the top in large, attention-grabbing font. The background should have a vibrant and dynamic feel, incorporating elements of excitement, generosity, and wealth, such as money raining down, golden confetti, glowing lights, or a futuristic cityscape.\
In the center, feature a young man with short, wavy brown hair and bright blue eyes. He has a warm, friendly smile and a charismatic presence that draws people in. He wears a casual hoodie or t-shirt and is depicted performing a grand act of kindness, such as handing out stacks of cash, presenting a large check, giving away car keys, or standing in front of a mansion. The art style should be highly detailed and polished, with realistic lighting, crisp textures, and a vibrant color palette.\
The overall composition should feel energetic and exciting, with elements that convey generosity, surprise, and happiness. The cover should stand out as a collectible digital artwork, perfect for an NFT format.\
}